Cozy Board — gameplay QA, 1 October 2026

RESULT
577 passed / 0 failed in the complete macOS native player run at 1920×1080.
35 passed / 0 failed in the additional native Pointer run at 1280×720.
320 passed / 0 failed in Editor regression checks.
Both macOS and Windows x64 development builds succeeded with zero build errors.
Windows execution was not tested on this Mac.

Native assertion counts:
  Assembly       192
  Transition     123
  Repair         108
  Progression    119
  Pointer         35
Editor checks: story 102, variety 102, repair desk 56, paint/tape 15,
PCB geometry 33 and packing geometry 12.

METHOD
Three QA agents authored/reviewed repair, progression and transition scenarios.
The coordinator ran and debugged them together in Unity 6000.5.6f1 and a separate
macOS development player. This is automated gameplay QA, not a claim of exhaustive
human playtesting. Assertions overlap deliberately between suites.

Assembly performs the normal 124 placements of a 61-key keyboard, all distinct
key tests, real puller/screw animations, painting checks and shipping. Progression
plays keyboard → repair → macro pad → keyboard through the normal placement and
tool paths. Negative cases reject premature parts, duplicate input, missing stock,
incorrect bindings and premature deliveries.

Transition interleaves carried parts, laptop movement, inspection, painting, tools,
test cards, notebooks, settings, order cards, home, station travel, saves and each
packing step. Native Input System keyboard events verify Escape and L; callbacks
also probe repeated/reentrant and busy-state requests.

Repair covers diagnosis, tool order, recovered cap, separate removed faulty switch,
sealed fresh spare, opening animation, both pin inspections, refitting, partial and
final measurements, legacy saves, stock refunds, packing and a second repair.

Pointer queues real Input System mouse states through the player's Update,
EventSystem and world raycasts. It picks up/cancels/drags a PCB, drops it over the
laptop, installs PCB/plate, holds across six switch/cap sockets, switches inspection
tools, selects all six functions, clicks all six tests, uses L/Escape, and opens and
closes painting by mouse. Physical mice are temporarily disabled inside the test
player's Input System to prevent desktop motion from competing with injected input;
they are restored afterward. System mouse settings are not changed.

Save fixtures use a separate path. The normal workshop-save.json was backed up and
remained byte-identical after testing. Tutorial completion preference is restored.
Both final native processes completed with exit code 0 and no captured console
Error/Exception/Assert. Expected I/O and malformed-save warnings are deliberate
negative cases, not silently ignored assertion failures.

FIXED BEHAVIOURS
1. Escape now closes one active layer instead of closing a detail and opening home
   in the same frame. The macro function picker closes before the underlying test.
2. Repeated inspection requests no longer overwrite the saved desk pose. Toolbar,
   settings, order, shop and save exits restore the product before changing screens.
3. Ending testing releases typing mode, so L opens the laptop afterward.
4. Opening a spare packet, camera travel and working tools block conflicting screen
   changes. Undo cannot remove a part while the screwdriver is working.
5. Cancelling the final shipping curtain cancels its delayed callback too; it cannot
   deliver the order or pay a reward after cancellation.
6. Failed shipment saves restore the original tested product and desk pose, wallet,
   order and mail instead of restoring the transient parcel position.
7. Restarting assembly retains already-paid material reservations. Repeated repair
   resets do not manufacture extra replacement switches.
8. Refunding the last spare hides the fresh switch pins along with its body.
9. Changing tools or opening catalogue/settings/order/home/notebook/another station,
   inspection or testing cancels laptop dragging and restores its previous position.
10. Undoing a fitted fresh repair switch asks for switch refitting before the cap;
    refitting consumes no second spare and still requires fresh measurements.
11. Inspection controls sit above the bottom toolbar instead of covering its actual
    mouse hit targets. This was found by native pointer input, not callback tests.
12. The laptop does not swallow the mouse release while a PCB is being carried.
    Dropping it over the laptop returns it to supply instead of leaving it held.
13. Main-menu settings dismiss a pending new-game confirmation. Escape then closes
    the visible settings layer; cancel/continue keep the existing workshop intact.

REPRODUCING
Build Workbench.unity and pass these arguments to the native executable:
  --cozy-scenarios --cozy-scenario-report <absolute-result-path>
  -screen-fullscreen 0 -screen-width 1920 -screen-height 1080
The runner is inactive in normal game sessions. Add
  --cozy-scenario-suite Pointer
or Assembly, Transition, Repair, Progression to isolate a suite.
Exit status 1 means assertions or console failures were recorded.

EVIDENCE
adversarial-native-result.txt       Complete final 577-check run
qa-pointer-720-result.txt            Smaller-window pointer run
qa-story-result.txt                 102 story assertions
qa-variety-result.txt               102 variety assertions
qa-repair-bench-result.txt           56 repair-desk assertions
qa-paint-result.txt                 15 paint/tape assertions
qa-pcb-result.txt                   33 PCB geometry assertions
qa-packing-result.txt               12 packing geometry assertions
qa-native-macro-1920.png             Native 1920×1080 completed macro test
qa-native-macro-1280.png             Native 1280×720 completed macro test
qa-build-results.json               Build summaries, errors and warnings

LIMITS
This verifies the recorded scenario matrix, not every possible input permutation.
Long-duration stress, performance profiling, real Windows hardware/drivers, 4:3 or
ultrawide screens, mobile, accessibility and future mouse-product jobs are outside
this run. Current mouse-product and additional repair fault types are not implemented.
Builds have warnings (macOS 25, Windows 89), including deprecated Unity APIs, the
unused runtime Pipeline configuration, WorkMat performance warnings and Unity
lightmapping ray-tracing shaders unsupported by the Mac cross-compiler. Windows
build success does not establish Windows rendering correctness. One macOS build
warning concerns uncompiled Editor importer/postprocessor changes; no importer or
postprocessor was changed for this QA pass and native runtime assertions passed.

Earlier partial/domain-reload runs and QA fixture mistakes were kept in Logs for
diagnosis. They are excluded from the final pass totals. In particular, a source
reload during an early Editor play run invalidated its dictionaries; malformed null
save input was not reproduced as a gameplay defect; and pointer screenshot-path
and duplicate Settings-button fixture errors were corrected before the final run.
